um a song dedicated to our best friend
the sexiest friend sexiest right yeah uh
Rhys Williams we love you this is for
you
World of Warcraft is just my homers once
you play this game you cannot go low oh
I like to pretend that I'm and Night Elf
need to drink a potion cuz bomber on
he'll need to get some XP and next time
you see me you won't believe us I'll be
there with 17 I'll be able to go back
and kill half dragon that's always
telling me oh I can resurrect the dead
and make them fight for me but does not
help me in a speed dating facility I
impress the women muttering of the idol
of all the truth wizard and we're best
friends and we tied all the time man he
is so cool causes level is so high he
calls me steel but to know why I like to
play with little miniatures on a little
miniature battlefield and pretend I'm a
giant and have all the little men on the
field seeing me see
chants like go Gotha king of war we love
you why shall we not go kill some more
race Williams is sexy and we love him so
really that's to you race yeah yeah
that's do you I'd like to hang out in my
basement he makes me feel more like I'm
in a dungeon and it also helps my die
rolls for killing dragons I like to
impress my friends with my fighting
prowess or knowledge of the Econo and my
job in the Archaeological Museum in
alpha knocking Nunez so usually I go for
a fighter or a wizards position
while the Warcraft is just for homos
once you play that game you cannot go
back I'm I'm a night elf need to get a
person cuz mom me to get some XP next
time you see me you won't believe your
eyes
call me level 17 I'll be able to go back
kill them
dragons always killing me well I didn't
resurrect the dead and make them fight
for me but that does not help me at a
speed-dating facility across the wind
and I love you racin 17 be able to come
back and kill that dragon that's always
killing me